[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: So
let's practice with promises in a chain.
We're gonna go back to the same
exercise that we did before.
I want you to open up exercise three,
and I want to give you the hint that,
kind of like what we did in exercise
two where getFile produced something,
now getFile is going to
need to produce a promise.
So we're still gonna
call getFile three times.
One for file one one for
file two one for file three.
We're gonna get three promises back,
that's the easy part.
I'll give you that for free.
But now your task is using
what I just taught you about
how promises chained together.
How are you going to sequence
the responses to those promises?
In thumps the way we sequenced
them was to nest them together,
but how do we sequence promises together?
I just taught you to, go back and look
at those slides and try exercise three.
Just so we make sure we're on the same
page, let me open that up just so
you can see what we're talking about.
Exercise three,
this getFile right here on line 22,
that's where you need to produce
a promise for what's happening.
And then we're gonna still call
the getFile function three times, and
then we're gonna sequence
those promises together.
So let me give you five or
six minutes to try your hand at that.
Go back and look at the last five or
six slides that I just showed you.
They're gonna tell you exactly how to
accomplish that, all of those steps.
And see what you can come up with and then
we'll talk about that in a few minutes.